feat: subindex for all document stores (#456)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/subindex.md

(subindex)=
# Subindices

> Subindices allow you to efficiently search through multimodal or nested Documents.

Reviewer: I think that we are missing a phrase to explain how the subindices allow you to bet efficient.
We need to state that subindices is a different da that the main one and that's why it is more efficient. Maybe a schema in needed.

> 

Reviewer: should we add a link here to the example in text/index.md ? So that people who end up on this page can understand why the feature is needed in some case

Author: or the multi-modal one, yep, I agree

> Subindices offer to possibility to efficiently search through multimodal or nested documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subindices offer the possibility to efficiently search through multimodal or nested documents.
```

> Subindices offer the possibility to efficiently search through multimodal or nested documents.

Author: ```suggestion
Subindices allow you to efficiently search through multimodal or nested Documents.
```

Fields that are not given in the subindex configuration will be inherited from the parent configuration.

## Modify subindices

Once a DocumentArray with subindices has been constructed, any modifications to the parent DocumentArray will automatically update the subindices.

This means that you can insert, extend, delete etc. it like any other DocumentArray. For example:

````{tab} Subindex with dataclass modalities
```python
import numpy as np

# construct DocumentArry with subindices
da = DocumentArray(
    config={'n_dim': 256},
    storage='annlite',
    subindex_configs={'@.[image]': {'n_dim': 512}, '@.[paragraph]': {'n_dim': 128}},
)
# extend with Documents, including embeddings
_docs = [
    Document(MyDocument(image='image.png', paragraph='hello world')) for _ in range(10)
]
for d in _docs:
    d.image.embedding = np.random.rand(512)
    d.paragraph.embedding = np.random.rand(128)
with da:
    da.extend(_docs)
```
````
````{tab} Subindex with chunks
```python
import numpy as np

# construct DocumentArry with subindices
da = DocumentArray(

>     config={'n_dim': 256},

Reviewer 2: 512?

    storage='annlite',
    subindex_configs={'@c': {'n_dim': 128}},
)
# extend with Documents, including embeddings
_docs = [
    Document(
        text='hello world',
        chunks=[Document(uri='image.png').load_uri_to_image_tensor()],
    )
    for _ in range(10)
]
for d in _docs:
    d.embedding = np.random.rand(256)
    d.chunks[0].embedding = np.random.rand(128)
with da:
    da.extend(_docs)
```
```` 

## Search through subindices

You can search through a subindex using the `on=` keyword in {meth}`~docarray.array.document.DocumentArray.find` and {meth}`~docarray.array.document.DocumentArray.match`:

````{tab} Subindex with dataclass modalities
```python
# find best matching images using .find()
top_image_matches = da.find(query=np.random.rand(512), on='@.[image]')
# find best matching paragraphs using .match()
Document(embedding=np.random.rand(128)).match(da, on='@.[paragraph]')
```
````
````{tab} Subindex with chunks
```python
# find best matching images using .find()

> top_image_matches = da.find(query=np.random.rand(128), on='@c')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
top_image_matches = da.find(query=np.random.rand(512), on='@c')
```

> # find best matching images using .match()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# find best matching paragraphs using .match()
```

Author: The images are on the chunks level so I think it is correct the way it is. Without the use of dataclass API it is not easy to have a nesting with both images and paragraphs, so for simplicity I do everything on the images in the chunk example.

Reviewer 2: ok, i see.
